Added a generic OAuth1 example (#1328)
cyberark/secretless-broker: examples/generic_connector_configs/README.md

___

### OAuth 1.0 API

This generic OAuth HTTP connector can be used for any service that uses OAuth1
for authorization.

> The configuration file for the OAuth 2.0 API can be found at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration file for connecting to an API that uses OAuth 1.0 can be found at
```

Reviewer: do we need to also specify something about the specific type of hashing currently supported?

Author: Good point! Will update :). Also thanks for catching my typo!
